README
Notes for General Use:
This is the readme file for the server class within this solution. The README file for the Snake Client is also included in the solution, so be sure to refer to that regarding client issues. In order to run a server and play the snake game, one must be sure to include a setting xml file that will include each of the rules describing how the game is played. Currently, there exists an xml file in this solution that includes a default format for the game, but users can pick and choose different values in this file to change how the game is played. 
Difficult Design Decisions: Although many potential design decisions available for this server are limited by the constraints outlined in the client, we attempted to include features consistent with a well-behaved server that would improve the user experience. We have worked to ensure that our wrap-around functionality and our 
In terms of our method designs, we utilized a number of different helper methods that provided a “toolbox” for those seeking to understand or improve on our code. We wrote helper methods to handle the spawning in of snakes, the wraparound functionality, the out of bounds checking, collision checking, and snake movement. In terms of receiving, we also made the design decision to select the first moving object in the buffer, and then to delete the rest of the buffer. This prevented the buffer from filling up and prioritizes commands that occur first rather than last. There are a few ways that a software developer could choose to do this, but this was the decision we went with.
Extra features- The extra feature that we decided to implement was a game mode that allows snakes to consume super powerups. These powerups occur 1 out of every 4 powerups and increase the length of the snake to a greater degree compared to the normal powerups. In the settings file, there exists a <SuperPowerUPEnabled> field that indicates if the game mode is turned on. If this value is set to 1 then the game mode is on and players will be able to consume super powerups, but if the values is set to 2 then the game mode is off.
